# Neovim
Current Neovim version on my system is 8.3. I decided to create my 
configuration using the [Lua](https://lua.org) programming language since it 
is a more modern alternative to VimScript. Packer is the plugin manager I am 
currently using. 

## Plugins

### Packer
[packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim) is a use-package 
inspired plugin manager for Neovim. Uses native packages, supports luarocks 
dependencies, written in Lua, allows for expressive configuration. 

### Telescope
[telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim) is a highly 
extendable fuzzy finder over lists. Built on the latest awesome features from 
`neovim` core. Telescope is centered around modularity, allowing for easy 
customization. 

### Treesitter
[nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter) provides
both a simple and easy way to use the interface for `tree-sitter` in Neovim
and to provide some basic functionality such as highlighting based on it.

### Harpoon
[harpoon](https://github.com/ThePrimeagen/harpoon) is a file bookmark allowing
you to get where you want with the fewest keystrokes.

### Undotree
[Undotree](https://github.com/mbbill/undotree) is an undo history visualizer
for Neovim.

### Vim-fugitive
[fugitive.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive) is a vim plugin for Git. 
The main command instruction is `:Git` or just `:G`, which calls any arbitrary
Git command.

### Lsp-zero
[lsp-zero.nvim](https://github.com/VonHeikemen/lsp-zero.nvim) is the starting
point to setup some lsp related features in Neovim. 

#### Nvim-lspconfig
[Nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig) puts together 
configurations for the `Nvim LSP client`

### Bufferline

### Lualine
[lualine.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim) is a blazingly
fast and easy to configure Neovim statusline plugin written in pure Lua.

### Null-ls
[null-ls.nvim](https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim) allows you
to use Neovim as a language server to inject LSP diagnostics, code actions, and
more via Lua. 

### Comment
[comment.nvim](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim) is a smart and 
powerful comment plugin for Neovim. Supports treesitter, dot repeat, 
left-right/up-down motions, hooks, and more.

### Nvim-tree
[nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua) is a file explorer
for Neovim written in Lua. 

### Whichkey
[Whichkey](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim) allows you to create 
bindings that stick. Whichkey is a Lua plugin for Neovim that displays popup 
with possible keybindings of the command you started typing. 

### Trouble
[trouble.nvim](https://github.com/folke/trouble.nvim) is a pretty list for 
showing diagnostics, references, telescope results, quickfix and location lists
to help you solve all the trouble your code is causing. 

## Themes

### Nightfox
[nightfox.nvim](https://github.com/EdenEast/nightfox.nvim) is a highly 
customizable theme for vim and Neovim with support for lsp, treesitter and a 
variety of plugins.

### More
More Neovim color schemes can be explored in [vimcolorschemes.com](https://vimcolorschemes.com/).
